The following options can be passed to any command:

      --add-dir-header=false: If true, adds the file directory to the header of
the log messages (DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --alsologtostderr=false: log to standard error as well as files
(DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --as='': Username to impersonate for the operation. User could be a
regular user or a service account in a namespace.
      --as-group=[]: Group to impersonate for the operation, this flag can be
repeated to specify multiple groups.
      --as-uid='': UID to impersonate for the operation.
      --cache-dir='/Users/elifeinberg/.kube/cache': Default cache directory
      --certificate-authority='': Path to a cert file for the certificate
authority
      --client-certificate='': Path to a client certificate file for TLS
      --client-key='': Path to a client key file for TLS
      --cluster='': The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use
      --context='': The name of the kubeconfig context to use
      --insecure-skip-tls-verify=false: If true, the server's certificate will
not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure
      --kubeconfig='': Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests.
      --log-backtrace-at=:0: when logging hits line file:N, emit a stack trace
(DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --log-dir='': If non-empty, write log files in this directory (DEPRECATED:
will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --log-file='': If non-empty, use this log file (DEPRECATED: will be
removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --log-file-max-size=1800: Defines the maximum size a log file can grow to.
Unit is megabytes. If the value is 0, the maximum file size is unlimited.
(DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --log-flush-frequency=5s: Maximum number of seconds between log flushes
      --loglevel=0: Set the level of log output (0-10)
      --logtostderr=true: log to standard error instead of files (DEPRECATED:
will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --match-server-version=false: Require server version to match client
version
  -n, --namespace='': If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request
      --one-output=false: If true, only write logs to their native severity
level (vs also writing to each lower severity level) (DEPRECATED: will be
removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --request-timeout='0': The length of time to wait before giving up on a
single server request. Non-zero values should contain a corresponding time unit
(e.g. 1s, 2m, 3h). A value of zero means don't timeout requests.
  -s, --server='': The address and port of the Kubernetes API server
      --skip-headers=false: If true, avoid header prefixes in the log messages
(DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --skip-log-headers=false: If true, avoid headers when opening log files
(DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --stderrthreshold=2: logs at or above this threshold go to stderr
(DEPRECATED: will be removed in a future release, see
https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-instrumentation/2845-deprecate-klog-specific-flags-in-k8s-components)
      --tls-server-name='': Server name to use for server certificate
validation. If it is not provided, the hostname used to contact the server is
used
      --token='': Bearer token for authentication to the API server
      --user='': The name of the kubeconfig user to use
  -v, --v=0: number for the log level verbosity
      --vmodule=: comma-separated list of pattern=N settings for file-filtered
logging
      --warnings-as-errors=false: Treat warnings received from the server as
errors and exit with a non-zero exit code